Rewrite Exchange Deployment options (#128)
mulesoft/docs-studio: modules/ROOT/pages/export-to-exchange-task.adoc

> Anypoint Studio allows you to connect to Exchange to publish your project as a new asset.

Reviewer: GLOBALLY substitute "enables you" for "allows you," unless SPECIFICALLY referring to permission:
```suggestion
Anypoint Studio enables you to connect to Exchange to publish your project as a new asset.
```
Also, it sounds empowering! :-)

> . Right-click your project's folder on your Package Explorer view.

Reviewer: I would use "in a view" rather than "on a view":
```suggestion
. Right-click your project folder in your Package Explorer view.
```

. Select *Anypoint Platform* > *Publish to Exchange*.

> . Select your Anypoint Platform user and business group. +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Either select your Anypoint Platform user and business group or create a new Anypoint Platform account by clicking *Add Account*. +
```

> Additionally you can click the "Add Account" button to use a new Anypoint Platform account.

Reviewer: This is not an addition to the step but rather an alternative.

Consider whether adding a new account is a likely scenario for connecting to Exchange to publish your project as a new asset.

> . Review the information about your project:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Verify that the identification and version information for your project is correct:
```

Reviewer: Also, consider mentioning here that each of the following is required, rather than stating it in each bullet item individually:
```suggestion
. Verify that the required identification and version information for your project is present and correct:
```

> * *Group ID*: The group ID for your project is the Organization ID of your Anypoint Platform Organization. This field is required.

Reviewer: Per style guide bullet list format,
```suggestion
* *Group ID* +
The group ID for your project is the organization ID of your Anypoint Platform organization.
```

> * *Artifact ID*: The artifact ID is the name of your project without a version. By default, Studio uses the artifact ID configured in your pom.xml file. This field is required.

Reviewer: ditto:
```suggestion
* *Artifact ID* +
The artifact ID is the name of your project, minus its version. By default, Studio uses the artifact ID configured in your `pom.xml` file. 
```

> * *Version*: The version of the asset you are publishing. This field is required.

Reviewer: ditto:
```suggestion
* *Version*: The version of the asset you are publishing.
```

. Select a project type. +
If you are publishing a new version of an already published asset, you cannot change the project type.

> . Select the *Save updated project information to the pom.xml*  if you want to update your pom.xml file with the data you just provided. +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Select *Save updated project information to the pom.xml*  if you want to update your `pom.xml` file with the data you just provided. +
```

> This option option updates your local project's information with the data configured in the `Publish to Exchange` window. If you do not select this option, the project is deployed with the configured data, but your local project information is not updated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This option updates your local project information with the data configured in the *Publish to Exchange* window. If you do not select this option, the project is deployed with the configured data, but your local project information is not updated.
```

. Select *Finish*. +

> You can follow the deployment progress in the Console View.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can follow deployment progress in the *Console* view.
```

Reviewer: However, I think it makes more sense to follow the final step with something like:

After you select *Finish*, the publication of your project as a new asset in Exchange begins and cannot be cancelled. You can follow the progress of this publication process in the *Console* view.

> Once started, you cannot cancel the your asset's publication Exchange.

Reviewer: See above
